Replace MLflow Recipes as default option with Delta Tables (#93)
databricks/mlops-stack: README.md

   Otherwise, user can leave it blank to use the name of the current project as root directory name.
 * ``cloud``: Cloud provider you use with Databricks (AWS, Azure, or GCP)
 * ``cicd_platform`` : CI/CD platform of choice (GitHub Actions or GitHub Actions for GitHub Enterprise Servers or Azure DevOps)
 * ``framework``: Choose between Delta Tables (default), Feature Store, and MLflow Recipes.

>    - If ``Delta Tables`` is selected, will provide the default stack using Delta Tables for data input and output.

Reviewer: We've talked a lot offline. Let's bring the discussion online.

There are two parts of the problem:
1. Given the new option of non-feature-store non-recipe training, what will be the user facing questions to ask users? 2 yes/no questions or 1 enum selection?
2. For internal implementation, do we want to use 2 variable or one enum? 

### For question 2, 
I'm convinced that it will be cleaner in code if we use 1 enum to switch between feature-store / recipe / no-fs-no-recipe.

### For question 1, 
the tradeoffs are:

- If use two questions to ask if recipes / fs is enabled, 
    - recipe(yes) + fs(yes) is not a valid combination. 
    - one more question to ask users
    - (Maybe) easier to deprecate recipe from mlops stacks in the future?
- If use a single question
    - We have to find a better name of  `Delta Tables` because essentially all three option use delta table and input and output
        - any name suggestion? simple training notebook? 
    - fs and recipes are not the same level of option. fs uses different batch inference code, there's no model validation support for fs. mlflow recipe is only for training notebook.

cc @vladimirk-db  @dbczumar @sebastiaanboer-db @zhe-db

Author: Thanks for the write-up @mingyu89 !

I think if we can find a better name for `Delta Tables` and provide an accurate description, it would be the simplest to reason about with a single question. Asking two questions and then throwing on an invalid combo is not a great user experience. Plus it will inevitably lead to questions like "When will FS work with MLflow recipes?" 😂

Reviewer 2: Prefer option 1 for question 1.
use mlflow recipes [no is default]
use feature store [no is default]

If we can do conditional cookiecutter where if a user selects mlflow recipes, then the feature store question is omitted, it would be ideal. But it's not strictly required.

Reviewer 3: Since recipe(yes) + fs(yes) is not a valid combination, do we want to skip the second question for fs if user give yes to recipes?

Author: Updated the code, conditional variable does not seem to be possible at this time.

Reviewer: Yeah

 * ``release_branch``: Name of the release branch. The production jobs (model training, batch inference) defined in this
    repo pull ML code from this branch.
 * ``read_user_group``: User group name to give READ permissions to for project resources (ML jobs, integration test job runs, and machine learning resources). A group with this name must exist in both the staging and prod workspaces. Defaults to "users", which grants read permission to all users in the staging/prod workspaces. You can specify a custom group name e.g. to restrict read permissions to members of the team working on the current ML project.
 * ``include_feature_store``: If selected, will provide [Databricks Feature Store](https://docs.databricks.com/machine-learning/feature-store/index.html) stack components including: project structure and sample feature Python modules, feature engineering notebooks, ML resource configs to provision and manage Feature Store jobs, and automated integration tests covering feature engineering and training.

>  * ``include_mlflow_recipes``: If selected, will provide [MLflow Recipes](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/recipes.html) stack components, dividing the process into configurable steps and profiles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * ``include_mlflow_recipes``: If selected, will provide [MLflow Recipes](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/recipes.html) stack components, dividing the training pipeline into configurable steps and profiles.
```

Reviewer 2: `process` is too generic?
